hey everyone and welcome back to another
Tuesday on oh my gosh TV so as
depressing as it as school is
approaching and with school comes
football season so have you guys ever
done I black before well if not you are
in luck because today you get a tutorial
so let's learn how to do some I black
okay so step number one is putting her
back step number two or number one
depending on if you pull your hair back
get it so my lighter I already have my
winner cuz im a girl now we're it for
makeup so there's that but you can also
buy it at a drugstore pretty easy so I
found this picture of this football
player dude have no clue who it is and
it's like an oval shape like vertical
halfway through your nose that's what
we're going to do so I'm gonna okay I'll
do the first 19 zoomed so learn up like
oval
oh this looks good Oh looking good ok so
now that i got those i just got fill it
in ok this is what I do for all my
football games I don't know em bro ok
keep going you gotta go a little bit
gentler with it I think ok oh this makes
me look nice and tough I'll zoom in for
the other one ok so you can see the
other one I see on this side got a
little droopy so I got to make sure it's
a little bit more oval like okay oh
that's bad rot ro George that is so bad
I don't think I would ever want to wear
this on my own ok what were you will
redo this one ok so maybe just ooh what
did i do like okay so straight line
straight line and then round it out oh I
think that looks good I think I need a
little bit closer to the eye so fill it
in ok Oh perfection oh ok uh-huh lookin
good ok clean up a corner a little bit
shy this home just get some simple
eyeliner any brand you know black would
preferably be good and there you go soin
and to the ending thank you guys so much
for watching make sure to LIKE subscribe
and also share this video subscribe to
omigosh TV and my channel Katherine
Schroeder I have amazing videos there
and I hope you guys enjoy them and also
check it out so last week's video i did
about how i come up with my youtube
video ideas and the theme was highlight
or a highlighter and let's see the
people who got that right Sarah stars
guest highlighter and you were right so
congratulations shares stars and also i
will see you guys next week bye